---
layout: post
title:  "I'm back!"
excerpt: "A half year ago, I started to make my website, but left it undone. Now I need to finish this."
categories: Life
tags: code, life
image:
  hero: /assets/img/hero/man.jpg
  heroStyle:
  thumbnail: /assets/img/thumbnail/man.jpg
  thumbnailStyle:
bgGradientOpacity: 
---
A half year ago, I started to make my website, but left it undone. Many things were happened, called life, yet I think the main reason is I was out of motivation. Today, I'd like to tell you my story, what I learned from my mistakes and hope it helps others.

As you know, personal website is important for personal branding, so I take it seriously. I want it to be as good as possible so I spent a ton of time for researching in order to show off an awesome website (and how awesome I am, of course :stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes:). However, the more libs/frameworks I know, the more possibilities the web can be. It's like there are a milion decisions that I need to take. After days and weeks, I learned many new things, then I had new ideas for my website but actually I still did not write any new code for it. New features mean the website needs more time to be done, new libs/tools means it takes more learing effort and quite overkill for a web-page. Eventually, I got tired and lost inspiration.

Meanwhile, I had many new ideas and wanted to start new side projects, at least to have some fun by experimenting new tech. But the highest priority is doing my personal website, so postponed them. It was a deadlock. Now I regret about that decision. 

Inspiration is why we get start a side project, we could spend all of our leisure time for it or even work till 2AM. On the other hand, it's hard to keep the fire after a couple weeks unless getting any achievements. 

My first mistake is I spent to much time for researching, I should've kept the project simple and finished it as soon as possible. Then I can improve it later. By this way, I can get the sense of achievement therefore I can keep the inspiration.

>"Just do it" - Nike's slogan :smile:

My second mistake is keep doing the project that I lost the inspiration. I was at a standstill and felt bored, I gave it up to spend my free time for other hobbies such as playing games or learning to play the piano. Instead, I should've started new side project that I wanted to do. Then I can refresh myself and work more productively and effectively.

Now I'm back! After doing a side project about crawling news data, I want to write a blog about it. I intended to use Medium but I think I should reboot my personal web project. 

I've suspended this project for very long time, now I need to finish this, at all cost. 

